
Background

Hacking is an art that involves the process of seeking sepihan -sepihan information scattered everywhere and as if
it had nothing to do with each other.

Anatomy Activities attack on Internet / Hacking. Knowing the steps of the steps for implementing network security
/ network security is needed also their knowledge of the methods used by the attackers who generally done to attack 
the hardware and network-owned. The attack carried out because of the gap which is owned by the hardware operating system.

-Step Step Hacking
1. Footprinting.
   Find detailed information on the systems to be targeted, including search information to search engines, 
   whois, and DNS zone transfer.
2. Scanning.
    Against a particular target of the most sought after entrance possible. Use ping sweeps and port scans.
3. Enumeration.
   Has intensified against the target, which is looking for a valid user account, and share network resources,
    and applications for which protection is weak.
4. Gaining Access.
   Getting more data to begin trying to access the target. Covering peek and depriving password, password guessing,
   and perform a buffer overflow.
5. Escalating Privilege.
    When you get a new user password in the previous stage, at this stage cultivated got admin privileges to 
    the network password cracking or similar exploit getadmin, sechole, or LC_MESSAGES.
6. pilfering.
    Information gathering process begins again to identify the mechanisms to get access to a trusted system. 
    Include an evaluation of trust and search cleartext passwords in the registry, config files, and user data.
7. Covering Tracks.
    Once complete control of the system is obtained, then close the trail becomes a priority. 
    Network log includes the cleaning and the use of tools like hide all kinds of rootkits and file streaming.
8. Creating Backdoors.
    The rear door was created in various parts of the system to facilitate the re-entry into the system by
    setting up a fake account user, batch job scheduling, changing the startup file, embed servicing remote control and monitoring tool, and replace an application with the trojan.
9. Denial of Service (DOS).
    When all the above efforts failed, the attacker can paralyze targets as a last resort. 
   Covering SYN flood, ICMP techniques, Supernuke, land / latierra, teardrop, bonk, newtear, trincoo, smurf, and others.
   Examples: WireShark pointless to peek
