  
  Snooping is an electronic monitoring of the digital network to find out passwords or other data. There are a variety of techniques 
snooping or also known as eavesdropping, namely: shoulder surfing (direct observation of the display monitor for someone to gain access),
dumpster diving (access to obtain passwords and other data), digital sniffing (electronic surveillance of the network to reveal passwords
or data other).

  Spoofing is a technique suau yng used for unauthorized access to a computer where the assailant entered by way of falsifying pretend
that they host trustworthy is usually done by a lady haker.

  IP spoofing is used to carry out criminal activities online and to breach network security.Hackers use IP spoofing so that they are 
not stuck to perpetrate spamming and denial of service attacks. This is an attack that involvesa large amount of information sent to 
a computer over a network in an attempt to undermine the entire network. IP spoofing is also used by hackers to penetrate the security
of a network by using a fake IP address that reflects one of the addresses on the network. In other words he can use the username and 
password along with a valid IP address on a network when using IP Spoofing.

  Prevention of IP Spoofing It is possible to protect the network against IP spoofing using Ingress filtering that 
uses the package to filter inbound traffic. This system has the ability to determine whether the packet is coming 
from within the system or from outside sources.

Various Spoofing
  1. IP-Spoofing is a complex technical attack yag yag consists of several components. A security exploit that works by tricking commuters in keercayaan that your relationship is another orag.
  2. DNS Spoofing is taking the DNS name of another system with a domain name server jeopardize a legitimate domain.
  3. Idetify Spoofing is an act of breastfeeding is by using an official identity illegally. With the idetitas receipts, the infiltration will be able to access anything on the network.

How to Do Spoofing
  1. TOR
        TOR is an open source project created in 2001 and are still being developed until now tor uses the concept called sebagaionin
      proxy by which data is sent to the place of interest will go through several different proxy faithful randomly selected time.
      How easy enough nets meggunakannya rogramnya wait a bit and will appear innate tor firefox then please check the IP address, 
      the IP will be obscured if you want to have tool.
  2. Proxy Switcher
      To use this tool first time click the download button and double-click a proxy that you want to use the automatic setting dibrowser
     we will turn it into a proxy that we select only sala earlier this program is licensed alias paid but many crack spread for 
     the program.
  3. Anonymouse.org
      Anonymouse is not a program but a website that offers IP masquerade we just enter the website address to be visited and anonymouse
      will open the website through the proxy they manage.
      
How Spoofing Countermeasures
  1. Not meerima table of siapapu
  2. mmebuat static tables that can not be changed or updated
  3. Install Filters on the router with memafaatkan da ingress egress router filterrig there is a step ertama in memepertahnkan themselves from spoofing.
  4. Ekripsi and authentication must megelimiasi all berdasrakan host authentication is used on computers with the same subnet.

Spoofing attacks are carried Hacker
  Spoofing is often used by hackers to launch attacks as below.
  1. SMURAF Attack
       Is a broadcast ping is sent and the source IP looks the same as the victim's IP address. The computer will respond back and sent 
     and will meirim Ping Reply to the victim. This happens continuously, until the victim's machine or link will overload causing a 
     Denial of Service.
  2. TCP sequence number prediction
      A TCP connection is marked with a sequence number for the client and server, if the sequence number can be guessed that the 
     hecker can easily forged IP address.
  3. DNS poisoning through sequence prediction
      DNS servers typically query other DNS servers to find out the name of another host. Hackers send recquest to the
     target DNS server, as well as a response to the same server.

conclusion:
            So Spoofing itself merupakann suau techniques used for unauthorized access to a computer where the assailant entered
            by way of falsifying pretend that they host trustworthy is usually done by a lady haker.
Suggestion :
            In learning this time there are many who have studied the benefits of new things that we know in the world of Information
            Technology, the premises their.
            
Name: Kania Kustiani
NPM: 1144038
Class: D4 Informatics Engineering - 3D
